---
ID: 20171
post_title: Privacy Policy
author: cureskinwp
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: https://cureskin.com/privacy/
published: true
post_date: 2018-07-31 05:49:46
---

				<header style="background-image: url(https://cureskin.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/canva-photo-editor-1.png); padding-top: 120px; padding-bottom: 120px;" >
        	          <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
          <p>Detail's about CureSkin's Privacy Policy and terms for users.</p>
		</header>
							<section 				 >
															<h6>The following privacy policy governs the use of Heallo Skin Expert App, Heallo website, its sub-domains and related sites as well as other mobile apps on several platforms offered by the company. Collectively, all these sites and apps and the services offered through them will be referred to in this document hereafter by the term “App”.</h6><h6>Your privacy is very important to us. We understand that protecting your personal data is important. In this regard, we comply with the provisions of the Information Technology Act. All your personal data is stored on our secure servers.</h6><h6>The data that we collect can include your name, e-mail addresses or phone number, and details (including photos, reports) that were shared as part of our consultation or usage of the app, website or related technology components. We collect personal information when you register or use our services. We use this data internally to improve our technology and services.</h6><h6>You can ask us to send you an electronic copy of the data that we have on you. We will provide you a summary of the information we have, within 30 days of receiving the request. You may be charged a reasonable fee for the same. If you think that your data is incorrect or incomplete, you may send us an email to correct the information. We will comply with all reasonable requests and will notify you in case we do decide to say “no”.</h6><h6>We use your data for consultation, to improve our technology, algorithms, services, to bill &amp; contact you. We also use it for research purposes and to comply with legal provisions.</h6><h6>We may also use/share anonymized and/or aggregate level data for research purposes and/or business reasons with our partners. We may also share personally identifiable information to our partners in the course of providing services to you. In such instances, the partners will be bound by strict non-disclosure agreements for the data and will be under agreements that restrict their use of such data only for the intended service being provided to you.</h6><h6>If you have any doubts or queries, you can feel free to send us an email at info@heallo.ai.</h6><h6>While we have taken utmost care to ensure your data security and integrity, the field of data sciences is forever evolving. Keeping that in mind, we cannot be held responsible for any compromise of data. However, you will be notified of any data breaches that we become aware of.</h6><h6><strong>Data Policy</strong></h6><h6>All the information provided to us by you, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with the terms of this User Agreement, but please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.</h6><h6>You can access, modify, and correct the data about you which has been collected pursuant to your decision to become a user of the App. If you update any information relating to you, we may keep a copy of the information which you originally provided to us in its archives.</h6><h6>Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when you visit or use the App, we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave. Also, when you visit the App, we also receive the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your device (or the proxy server you used to access the World Wide Web), your device details including but not limited to the operating system of your device and the type of web browser you are using, email patterns, as well as the name of your internet service provider (ISP). This information is used to help us improve our service.</h6><h6>Our App/Website may use cookies or temporary device storage to store certain data that is used by us and our service providers for the technical administration of the Website, research and development, and for administration. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to you, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We do not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.</h6><h6>We may keep records of consultation details made through all electronic means, received and made for making inquiries, orders, or other purposes for the purpose of administration of services, research and development, quality management services and for proper administration.</h6><h6>We value the privacy of information pertaining to our associates. The linkage between your IP address and your personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without your permission or except when required by law.</h6><h6>Notwithstanding the above, we may share some of the aggregate findings and details with advertisers, sponsors, investors, strategic partners, and others in order to help grow our business without obtaining any approval from you. We will enable you to communicate your privacy concerns to us and that we will respond to them appropriately. We do not disclose any personal information to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes that could be used to personally identify you, such as your password, credit card number and bank account number.</h6>		</section>